DOCS-9455 search update (#117)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/asset-details.adoc

> = Asset Details

Reviewer: Asset Details Display?

Author: Since the asset portal is interactive and not just a display, I'm going to stick with "Asset Details" for now, but I am open to further ideas and suggestions.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

When you click an asset, Anypoint Exchange provides detailed information:

> * Left navigation area - Lists additional pages, saved search terms, application names, and instances. For a REST API,

Reviewer: GLOBAL in all writing, per style ref, break after list item and start new para below:
```suggestion
* Left navigation area
+
Lists additional pages, saved search terms, application names, and instances. For a REST API,
```

Author: Fixed.

> this area lists the HTTP functions in the REST specification. For a policy, this area lists *Terms and conditions* and *APIs using this policy*.

Reviewer: Although these are UI labels, I would not format them as such in this context, which is general: what the area lists rather than the label itself.

Author: Good point. Fixed.

> * Right detail panel - Lists the asset type, when the asset was created and by which organization, when the asset was last published, a list of asset patch versions, and the tags and categories of the asset. For REST APIs, the right panel lets you test the API by creating example calls, test data (mocking), and the ability to send data to the API and view the results.

Reviewer: ditto re. format

Reviewer: Consider sublist for easier scanning of what is in the panel.

Reviewer: "lets you test" > "enables you to test"

Reviewer: Reword to make parallel:

"...the right panel **lets you test** the API by creating example calls, **test** data (mocking), **and the ability to** send data to the API and view the results.

Author: Fixed.

> In the table of asset patch versions on the detail panel, each version has a drop-down menu with a *Version detail* option that shows information about that version, including who created it, when it was published, and any dependent assets.

Reviewer: "on the panel" > "in the panel"?

Author: Yes, that's better. Fixed.

== View Assets by Business Group

A business group provides a way to group individuals within an organization. A system administrator assigns users to belong to a business group. Each business group can have separate Exchange assets. You need to log into

> Anypoint Platform to view the business groups. Click a group name from the taskbar.

Reviewer: Some of this seems gratuitous: a business group is pretty much what its name implies.

Also, the sentence flow is a bit choppy; perhaps something more like "System admins assign users to business groups <to what purpose, other than grouping?>. View ...by logging **in to** and clicking ...**:**"

("log into" > "log in to")
(end with colon pointing to image)

Author: That is better. Fixed.

image::ex2-biz-groups.png[Screenshot - Business groups in upper taskbar drop-down menu]

> If you cannot see additional groups, contact your Exchange administrator. 

Reviewer: "additional" to what?

Author: Rewritten for clarity.

> If you cannot find an asset in one group, it may be in another business group. To find assets from other business groups, in the left navigation bar, click *All assets*. The left navigation area provides additional areas to search. The "Provided by MuleSoft" scope lists assets provided by MuleSoft. The "All assets" scope lists assets provided by MuleSoft and your own master organization. Business group scopes list assets built by users within a business group.

Reviewer: "may" > "might"

Reviewer: Do we need the third sentence; doesn't it just unnecessarily support the second?

Reviewer: If these scope names are UI labels, format them as such (* *).

Author: Rewrote more briefly and fixed formatting.

== View REST API Elements in an Asset

> 

Reviewer: Any intro text here about why or under what circumstances your audience wants or needs to do this?

Author: Added.

> . In the left navigation area you can view RAML or OAS API specification information such as resources and the methods in each resource. Click a method button to view information about the API:

Reviewer: The first sentence is not a user action and therefore does not belong next to the step number.
Reword to something like "In the left..., click a method button...:"

Author: Fixed.

+
image::ex2-rest-ftns.png[Screenshot - REST API function buttons in left nav bar]
+

> . Use the right side of a method view to experiment with the API. This functionality is similar to what you can expect in programs such as Postman where you can specify custom HTTP headers and test each API's method using the API's endpoint.

Reviewer: Break step as noted above, for list items. 
Please try to remember this style; see "bullet lists" and "steps" in the style ref.
```suggestion
. Use the right side of a method view to experiment with the API. 
+
This functionality is similar to what you can expect from programs such as Postman, in which you can specify custom HTTP headers and test each API method using its API endpoint.
```

Author: Fixed. All my new lists follow the style, but this entire file (except the title) was copy-pasted out of the previous version of the file about searching. Green text is deceptive in this case.

> . Click Request Access to tie the API you're viewing to one of your applications so that you can use the API to send and receive data that your application can consume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Request Access* to associate the API you're viewing to one of your applications, so that you can use the API to send and receive data that your application can consume.
```

Author: Fixed.

== Test an API with API Notebook

> 

Reviewer: ditto re. intro statement leading to first step; GLOBAL in all writing.

Author: Fixed.

> . Click API Notebook in the content page if one is available for the API.

Reviewer: label? If so...:
```suggestion
. Click *API Notebook* in the content page.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . After you read the description for usage information, you can experiment with the example in the code block to try different parameters and values, and see the results in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you read the description, experiment using the example code to try different parameters and values, and to see the results in real time.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Click Play to test the method in the code example and view the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Play* to test the method in the code example and view the results.
```
Both this step and the previous mention viewing results; is that accurate? How does the user get results in the step above, if clicking *Play* produces them in this step?

Author: Reordered and rewrote to remove the redundancy.
